very cross
Welcome to the live here I bring you
another tutorial on mechanisms this time
it would be chapter 4 the second part
ok because we're going to keep talking about
the issues we talked about in chapter 4
that were repeaters and as you already
I taught we made this circuit worth
I wanted to comment a couple more details
if we are going to see an alternative way of
use a circuit much like this
and that will serve us for the same thing
as I mentioned in the tutorial
earlier this is circuitry serves us
to activate and deactivate an object
many times and with the sideburns
we regulate the time with which it happens
that activation is worth just the
door is active faster now because
the pins are closest worth if
we separate it again
and the circuit will take longer and therefore
the door will take longer to activate it
what are we going to do in this tutorial and what
what I'm going to try is a way of doing it
with a circuit a little easier for
that people who do not drive
both the mechanisms and to do
this circuit
and we are going to see another alternative way that
I tell you it 's much easier that if
as you have seen this circuit is
circuitry yes yes that is adjustable or
you can regulate the times in the
that the object is activated and in this
circuit can not be worth what we're going to
need is to put two blocks of
any material and put red stone
how are you going to have put it here is in
cross shape voucher
there we put another and there in front another
and what we are going to put to expose
reddish-brown antennae in those
lateral and would already be mounted worth that
it's the complete circuit and they do like
interference the antennae of stones
reddish each other with what with what
they do like a kind of short circuit
and it helps us to activate and deactivate
any kind of mechanism the circuit
it's much easier to manufacture so
as you see
It can be done practically in a
second and having no idea just
placing the blocks in the way that you
I just mentioned everything would work
correctly the only thing that as I say
it is not adjustable and good simply
activates and deactivates one thing many times
in a very short period of time and by
example for use with a dispenser
could serve us in plan to make a
kind of submachine gun or something by the
style so good I wanted to bring you
this circuitry so you can use it
also in your homes for the subject of
lights and things like that too
would be worth in plan to make a bar or
so, well, I hope it's from
useful and good I wanted to send a
I welcome a subscriber who knows
I will leave in the description because in your
house I saw this circuit and it reminded me that
you could do it this way so
Well, I'll send you a little treat
in the description and well I will tell you
What do you always share?
this video with your friends that
They will thank and good to like you if you
liked and su for more videos you know
I will continue uploading videos of mechanisms and
we will see more advanced things like that
How good with this I say goodbye and we
We will see in future videos until later